docs: forward-facing over backward-facing comment rule + review sweep (#2586)
paranext/paranext-core: .claude/agents/review-analyzer.md

- Dead/unreachable code
- Unclear variable or function naming
- Indecipherable [initialisms and abbreviations](../../.context/standards/Code-Style-Guide.md#initialisms-and-abbreviations) in identifiers, types, comments, or localization keys

> - Backward-facing comments: notes that only record development history (ticket/PR IDs for in-PR work, review-finding IDs, stage/epic tags, dated dev notes). See [forward-facing-comments.md](../rules/code-quality/forward-facing-comments.md). Open `TODO(PT-XXXX)`s and non-inlinable deep links are forward-facing and fine

Reviewer: Same narrowing as the clarity agent: this only exempts TODOs and deep links, dropping the source rule's broader "points forward" test for bare IDs that document a constraint or rationale. Align it:

```suggestion
- Backward-facing comments: notes that only record development history (ticket/PR IDs for in-PR work, review-finding IDs, stage/epic tags, dated dev notes). See [forward-facing-comments.md](../rules/code-quality/forward-facing-comments.md). A `PT-XXXX` that points forward is fine — TODOs, a constraint/rationale, a deep link; the test is whether it survives the merge, not the presence of an ID
```

Author: Done Applied verbatim in 2cc2f43.
<!-- Reviewable comment -P-KZf3x9rdpknHRHRbh:b-78s5ze -->
<!-- Sent from Reviewable.io -->
